Music
Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war
With the cross of Jesus going on before
Christ the Royal Master lives against the foe,
Forbidding to the Lord his power and soul.
Only now that bullets Don't Vanquish him.
Pouching constable,
Where the cross of Jesus Gloring On女icombe.
Niprov deimpsi dalke,
Let us sing the praises of the Lord.
Let us sign the triumph,
Say, God's force a free,
Long enquished yet soldiers on to victory.
Elves foundations quiver,
At the shout of praise,
Brothers, lift your voices, love your hand, now on praise.
Our virgin Christian soldiers marching out to war,
Live the cross of Jesus, holy, holy, holy, holy.
Live the cross of Jesus, holy, holy, holy.